FileMasta software (collectively referred as "FM App") service is provided for your use subject to these terms and conditions ("Terms of Use") and which you agree to be bound by through your use of FM app. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use any FM app service.

All the search results produced by FM App contains links to files or archives located in web servers around the world, these files represent software, photos, video, text, graphics, music, sounds or any other material (collectively, referred as "content") that may be protected by copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets or other proprietary rights, we assumes no responsibility for the content of any FTP server that is referenced by any search result page.

FM App search results may contain links to web servers with offensive, adult oriented material or any other objectionable content or even dangerous computer viruses, it is exclusively the user responsibility the way he will use this information. FM App provide you a service that helps the user to find information located in web servers, but it is the user who must decide what to do with that information or those FTP apps. We will not be responsible for the use or misuse of any information derived from any of the search result pages. That responsibility rests solely in the hands of the user.

YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF FM APP IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT OUR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR FREE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY MATERIAL, AND/OR DATA DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF FM APP SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF SUCH MATERIAL AND/OR DATA.

We are sometimes asked to remove links from our search results pages. We address these requests on a case-by-case basis and in general, follow the guidelines below: web servers are identified, indexed and catalogued automatically with software, which means there is no advance review by human beings. Given the enormous volume of information added to and changed on a daily basis, we cannot operate in any other way. This means that we do not screen information posted to FM App. If you want to restrict access to your web server, please let us know, send an e-mail to FM App owner and administrator using the following address: bettercodes1@gmail.com, you must include the offending URL to be removed from our index databases and a reason for the operation to be accomplished.